Should you give me an explanation for what happened today?
What's up with these things?
It was too cold for the first time. What should I do?
elder sister
these
I have everything
later
Are you really going to support me?
I don't want to hang out with you anymore.
Nan Nan, come with me
Good job.
Don't reveal my identity for now
If Miss Su knew
He won't know.
Since he has forgotten
Then I'll help him remember bit by bit
You just mind your own business
What list does the company have recently that I can give to my sister?
You are responsible. Yes.
Sister, although you forgot your promise
But it doesn't matter.
You still keep your promise to marry me
divorce